docs: adapt Documentation with new docarray at center (#5941)
jina-ai/jina: docs/concepts/orchestration/deployment.md

(why-deployment)=
## Why use a Deployment?

> Once you've learned about Documents, DocList and Executor, you can split a big task into small independent modules and services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've learned about Documents, DocLists and Executors, you can split a big task into small independent modules and services.
```
